minutes away yet walls apart revel in an
ideal is island escape my nature meets
luxury at the sentosa Resort and Spa
step into luxurious rooms and villas
emits lush tropical gardens plush
interiors sleek lines and lustrous
colors whisper relaxation connect with
nature unwind by the lily ponds with
your favorite cocktails at the Pavilion
rejuvenated award-winning spa botanica
Singapore's first garden destination spa
home to asia's first float pools with
cascading waterfall mud pools and
meditation labyrinth the garden offers a
conscious dining contemporary cuisine a
gateway to preventive medicine
revitalize with 78 and wellness active
aging anesthetic programs set in
stunning interiors the clip features
cascading water features a show kitchen
and a split-level platform built over
lush jungle dine alfresco all the
glorious sea views and savor exquisite
scenes piatt cuisine stroll the romantic
beaches or tee off at the championships
and toes a golf club nearby
delight in an enthralling evening at Spa
botanica where luxury spa treatment and
tantalizing cuisine await minutes away
at world apart the sentosa resort and
spa